1. Approximations of Kolmogorov Complexity https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10919v1
2. A Theory of Bounded Inductive Rationality https://arxiv.org/pdf/2307.05068
3. Quantum AIXI: Universal Intelligence via Quantum Information https://arxiv.org/html/2505.21170v2
4. Universal AI maximizes Variational Empowerment https://arxiv.org/html/2502.15820v1
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please formalize the theory of real numbers to represent quantities like utilities, probabilities, vectors and tensors, and attempt to come with a unified theory that merges the four papers so that the definition of universal iteration through all possibilities matches and generalizes the definitions in the papers, or else create inter-reductions between the papers that preserve categorical isomorphisms? Can you attempt to find an inter-relationship between classical AIXI, quantum AIXI, self-AIXI, Hutter's proof-based algorithm, Garrabrant's logical induction and infra-Bayesianism by defining the total range of programs or logical relationships iterated over, the non-zero probabilities assigned to each possibility and similar concepts that satisfy categorical reductions, by treating Blum's speed-up theorem as a procedure to generate functions with arbitrarily fast programs, where "fast" is defined by reducibility? By the way, am I asking for something reasonable here, and are categorical preservations and symbolic inter-reductions based on properties and characterizations valid in category theory according to the Curry-Howard correspondence? Can you please use logical induction and infra-Bayesian searches, which are the same method of enumerating all your options like AIXI and Levin's universal search and Blum's speed-up theorem to locate the correct abstractions and symbolic substitutions/functors that unify the contents of the papers? Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations?