1. Learning in an Echo Chamber: Online Learning with Replay Adversary https://arxiv.org/html/2509.25135v1
2. Murphys Laws of AI Alignment: Why the Gap Always Wins https://arxiv.org/html/2509.05381v1
3. The Alignment Bottleneck https://arxiv.org/html/2509.15932v1
4. Fixed-Point Theorems and the Ethics of Radical Transparency: A Logic-First Treatment https://arxiv.org/html/2509.06055v1
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please attempt to enumerate every possible substitution, to locate the correct abstractions and symbolic substitutions/functors that unify the contents of the papers? Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations for all these content, to provide solutions to my requests below?
1. Unify the formalisms of papers 2 and 3 relating to AI alignment and write explicit interconversion formulas and tabled correspondences.
2. Use the paper about learning in an echo chamber to unify its results with the papers about AI alignment by modeling the barrier to alignment as the replay adversary. Note that the paper provides exact bounds, can you please connect them to alignment?
3. Can you use category-theoretic presentations of real numbers, probability and information theory to unify the contents of the learning-theoretic papers with the paper about fixed-point theorems and deduce a unified theory of alignment?
