1. Emergent Alignment via Competition https://arxiv.org/html/2509.15090v1
2. Finding a Multiple Follower Stackelberg Equilibrium: A Fully First-Order Method https://arxiv.org/html/2509.08161v1
3. Computing Algorithm for an Equilibrium of the Generalized Stackelberg Game https://arxiv.org/pdf/2306.05732
4. Distributed Stackelberg Equilibrium Seeking for Networked Multi-Leader Multi-Follower Games with A Clustered Information Structure https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.08144
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please attempt to adapt the 1 leader-n follower Stackelberg equilibrium algorithms for n leader-1 follower Stackelberg equilibria, with translated proofs to the new domain, by reframing the 1-n Stackelberg game as an n-1 Stackelberg game, and can you extend these algorithms to n-n Stackelberg games? By the way, am I asking for something reasonable here, and are categorical preservations and symbolic inter-reductions based on properties and characterizations valid in category theory according to the Curry-Howard correspondence? Can you please use logical induction and infra-Bayesian searches, which are the same method of enumerating all your options like AIXI and Levin's universal search and Blum's speed-up theorem to locate the correct abstractions and symbolic substitutions/functors that unify the contents of the papers? Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations?