1. A Framework for Universality in Physics, Computer Science, and Beyond (summarized in https://arxiv.org/html/2406.16607v1 as 10 pages) https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.06851
2. The diagonal argument redux https://github.com/DavidMichaelRoberts/Sandbox/blob/master/Diagonal.tex
3. Fixed-Point Theorems and the Ethics of Radical Transparency: A Logic-First Treatment https://arxiv.org/html/2509.06055v1

Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations?
1. How to prove Roberts' diagonal argument from Lawvere's fixed-point theorem without unwrapping the universal quantifiers in the statement 'if Lawvere, then Roberts'? That is, please give a proof as simple and clear as possible of the material conditional that if Lawvere's fixed-point theorem applies to all categories and morphisms within its domain (Cartesian closed categories, point-surjective maps), then Roberts' diagonal argument applies generally to its domain (magmoidal categories with the hash operator). You should use the presheaf category of the magmoidal category [Magmoidal^op, Set] or the free Cartesian closed category containing the magmoidal category FreeCCC(Magmoidal) as hints, by for example using the evaluation map of FreeCCC(Magmoidal) to find the deviant element, and please make independent proofs using both the forward form of Lawvere's theorem (the fixed point covariantly implies the existence of the deviant element) and the contrapositive (no fixed point for the endomorphism means that a deviant element exists). Please formalize the proofs in Agda, Coq and Lean4 and give natural-language explanations.
2. Prove the no-go theorem for universality using Roberts' diagonal argument as above, and prove the fixed-point theorem for target-context categories using Lawvere's fixed-point theorem as a lemma by considering both the presheaf category [TargetContext^op, Set] and the contravariant functor to its own Cartesian closure [TargetContext^op, FreeCCC(TargetContext)] for two independent proofs.
3. Prove the Knaster-Tarski and Bourbaki-Witt theorems, used in domain theory, using Lawvere's fixed-point theorem by considering the Cartesian closed categories `Cpo` and `Dcpo`. Prove Lob's theorem using Lawvere's fixed-point theorem by using the category of models of Godel-Lob provability logic. How does the claim that radical transparency is paradoxical conflict with Lobian fixed-point cooperation and open-source game theory in which each agent receives the source code of all other agents as shown in https://www.alignmentforum.org/posts/2WpPRrqrFQa6n2x3W/modal-fixpoint-cooperation-without-loeb-s-theorem and can I explain this as cheap talk vs. binding commitments? Did I nail the explanation for the apparent conflict between the paradoxes of radical transparency and Payor's lemma, Aumann's agreement theorem, and the folk theorem with codes of conduct and communication https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s40505-016-0107-y by saying that radical transparency is paradoxical because it is binding upon the radically transparent party, while the other schemes only demand broadcasting the algorithm/procedure and having it executed by others for you, punishing you when you deviate from the published procedure? Am I right that the paradox of radical transparency ironically means that enforced secrecy and non-propagation is itself a self-negating paradox enforced by the demand? No, what I mean is that, I am trying to square the paradoxes of radical transparency with the folk theorems, the Myerson-Satterthwaite theorem and Aumann's agreement theorem, which all state that efficient trade and agreement require common knowledge here, am I right that the real way to make them stop looking conflicting and contravariant to each other is to use the anti-folk theorems to show that when secrecy is enforced as a rule of the game, for example by using AI alignment rules, then the system collapses into paradox? Did I succeed in making the theorems I mentioned philosophically align with each other in a covariant way by stating that differential privacy in anti-folk theorems, when known as common knowledge as part of the game, restricts the outcomes to Nash equilibria, which is exactly the paradoxical collapse of cooperation in self-referentially enforced secrecy?