1. Inequality in the Age of Pseudonymity https://arxiv.org/pdf/2508.04668v1
2. On Sybil-proofness in Restaking Networks https://arxiv.org/html/2509.18338v1
3. Friend or Foe: Delegating to an AI Whose Alignment is Unknown https://arxiv.org/html/2509.14396v1
4. On Sybil-proof Mechanisms https://arxiv.org/html/2407.14485v2
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please formalize the theory of real closed fields to represent quantities like utilities, probabilities, vectors and tensors, and attempt to come with a unified theory that merges the four papers so that the definition of Sybil-proofness matches and generalizes the definitions in the papers, or else create inter-reductions between the papers that preserve categorical isomorphisms and incentive compatibility? By the way, am I asking for something reasonable here, and are categorical preservations and symbolic inter-reductions based on properties and characterizations valid in category theory according to the Curry-Howard correspondence? Can you please use logical induction and infra-Bayesian searches, which are the same method of enumerating all your options like AIXI and Levin's universal search and Blum's speed-up theorem to locate the correct abstractions and symbolic substitutions/functors that unify the contents of the papers? Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations?