1. A universal approximation theorem and its applications to vector lattice theory https://arxiv.org/html/2507.20219v1
2. Universal Approximation Theorem of Deep Q-Networks https://arxiv.org/html/2505.02288v1
3. Universal Approximation Theorem for Vector- and Hypercomplex-Valued Neural Networks https://arxiv.org/html/2401.02277v1
Please spell out the steps of the proofs present within the papers in the formalizations, with only omitted details replaced with placeholders
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Isabelle/HOL and Lean4 formalizations of my ideas? Please don't waste much space for the existing theorems, but please examine these theorems, their assumptions and conclusions for universal approximation theorems, as well as that of the Kolmogorov-Arnold theorem, Reeh-Schlieder theorem, Kolmogorov-Arnold representation theorem, Fourier decomposition theorem for arbitrary non-trivial periodic waveforms and similar theorems about the universality of representation, and tell me the commonalities between these theorems in natural language in terms of assumptions, methods of function composition, and kinds of primitives/activation functions, and propose a "meta-universal approximation theorem" dictating the situations in which universal approximators can be constructed, by imagining a potential language for encoding the rules of a neural networks and proposing criteria to check for universality of a neural architecture or situation?
==
Am I right to suspect that we should start proving a "meta-universal approximation theorem", that is, characterizing the function that determines whether a piece of PyTorch code or a formal description of a neural architecture is an universal approximator? Am I right that this is the real research direction here, to distill all the existing proofs for UATs and try to find a unifying principle for universality?
==
What I mean is, I also see the same pattern with folk theorems in economics, in which a bunch of feasibility theorems are proven for disparate circumstances involving various kinds of monitoring, various kinds of communication, etc. What we actually need is a "meta-folk theorem" for economics in the same kind of category as a "meta-UAT"
==
This is of course something LLMs should be able to help with, right? What other fields have similar sets of universality/feasibility theorems for different systems that need to be collected into a single schema or algorithm? What I mean is, we should be able to use LLMs to extract the patterns used in the proofs and propose algorithms for generating these universality proofs, right?