1. Goedel Machines: Self-Referential Universal Problem Solvers Making Provably Optimal Self-Improvements https://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0309048v3
2. On low for speed oracles https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.09710
3. Computational Models with No Linear Speedup http://cjtcs.cs.uchicago.edu/articles/2012/7/cj12-07.pdf
4. A Formal Approach to the Problem of Logical Non-Omniscience https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.08747
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please unify the proofs of the optimality of universal problem solvers, the non-existence of speedups for PICSTI models (with Assumption 1 made explicit as the exact equivalent of AI compute caps and formalize the remaining assumptions), the self-referential structure of the class of low-for-speed oracles (with polynomial time transformations replaced by generic speed jumps parameterized as higher-order function arguments with suitable closure properties defined by Cobham's axioms for polynomial-time computation, just those used in the proof, stated as dependent types or preconditions for the function in the formal languages), and the non-exploitability of logical induction defined over classes with the closure properties used in the paper about logical induction, by showing their analogous dovetailing or diagonal procedures, and writing suitable generic interfaces or definitions for them that subsume the papers as special cases by substitution of higher-order arguments?  Can you please use logical induction and infra-Bayesian searches, which are the same method of enumerating all your options like AIXI and Levin's universal search and Blum's speed-up theorem to locate the correct abstractions and symbolic substitutions/functors that unify the contents of the papers? Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations?