1. Deontic logic, part of the Handbook of Rationality https://direct.mit.edu/books/oa-edited-volume/chapter-pdf/2370243/s051500_9780262366175.pdf
2. Alethic-Deontic Logic and the Alethic-Deontic Octagon https://www.filosofiskanotiser.com/Ronnedal15_3_2.pdf
3. Alethic-Deontic Logic: Some Theorems https://filosofiskanotiser.com/Ronnedal_15_1_2.pdf
Can you please explain for me in detail how the alethic-deontic octagon works in terms of syntax and semantics, and can you rename it a cube like the Barendregt cube instead? In addition, can you please show me some of the most important theorems in these papers, as well as describe Standard Deontic Logic (SDL) and related systems, and how analogues of the No Free Lunch theorem and the Good Regulator theorem can be proven in the language of modal (deontic and doxastic) logic, for example by, for example, converting a model of Standard Deontic Logic into a model of Doxastic Logic in the same way that a model of intuitionistic logic (a Heyting algebra) induces a model of classical logic (a Boolean algebra) by the double-negation translation? Please spell out the steps of the proofs present within the papers in the formalizations, with only omitted details replaced with placeholders
Can you help me write the initial section of the SMT-LIB 2, Agda, Coq and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. I want the content to be as formal as possible by using formal syntax instead of identifiers, and avoid defining new types and other primitives, choosing to use generic ones like vectors, lists, matrices, etc. instead. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Please explain the syntheses in natural language and formal mathematical exposition in SMT-LIB 2, Agda, Coq and Lean4 alternately.
====
I want you to focus on deriving the equivalent of the No Free Lunch theorem or the Good Regulator theorem in Standard Deontic Logic and then formalize just enough in these four languages to have these theorems formalized, with the Good Regulator theorem saying that "any regulator must have a model of the system", by a conversion from a model of SDL to a model of doxastic logic.