1. Diagonal arguments and CCCs http://www.tac.mta.ca/tac/reprints/articles/15/tr15.pdf
2. A Universal Approach to Self-Referential Paradoxes, Incompleteness and Fixed Points https://ar5iv.labs.arxiv.org/html/math/0305282
3. Substructural fixed-point theorems and the diagonal argument: theme and variations https://ar5iv.labs.arxiv.org/html/2110.00239v1
Please spell out the steps of the proofs present within the papers in the formalizations, with only omitted details replaced with placeholders. Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Isabelle/HOL and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. I want the content to be as formal as possible by using formal syntax instead of identifiers, and avoid defining new types and other primitives, choosing to use generic ones like vectors, lists, matrices, etc. instead. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Please explain the syntheses in natural language and formal mathematical exposition in Agda, Isabelle/HOL and Lean4 alternately.
In addition, please tell me how to use Lawvere's fixed-point theorem to prove Roberts' fixed-point theorem analogously to Lawvere's other cases by showing how the setup of Robert's diagonal argument (Theorem 12) and fixed-point theorem (Theorem 16) involving the magmoidal diagonal (the `eval` operator) and the category of functors (the exponential operator) satisfies the axioms of a Cartesian closed category, by aggregating all the left-hand side assumptions that are universally quantified over used in these theorems and constructing a Cartesian closed category and a point-surjective morphism out of them by identifying the functor A#B -> C as the exponential of the CCC? Can you please complete the argument using Lawvere's fixed-point theorem to prove Roberts' fixed-point theorem in a similar way to Roberts' categorical arguments and using the minimal assumptions of the theorem to prove the CCC-ness of the category? What I mean is, everyone knows that Roberts' fixed-point theorem generalizes Lawvere's, but the actual job is to use Lawvere's theorem as a lemma to prove the more general case of Roberts' fixed-point theorem, the way forward-backward induction is used to extend the AM-GM inequality from 2 numbers to an arbitrary count of numbers.