No, Kinsella said that "One problem with the creation-based approach is that it
almost invariably protects only certain types of creations—
unless, that is, every single useful idea one comes up with is
subject to ownership (more on this below). But the distinction
between the protectable and the unprotectable is necessarily
arbitrary. For example, philosophical or mathematical or
scientific truths cannot be protected under current law on the
grounds that commerce and social intercourse would grind to a
halt were every new phrase, philosophical truth, and the like
considered the exclusive property of its creator. For this reason,
patents
can
be
obtained
only
for
so-called
“practical
applications” of ideas, but not for more abstract or theoretical
ideas. Rand agrees with this disparate treatment, in attempting
to distinguish between an unpatentable discovery and a
patentable
invention.
She
argues
that
a
“scientific
or
philosophical discovery, which identifies a law of nature, a
principle or a fact of reality not previously known” is not created
by the discoverer.
But the distinction between creation and discovery is not
clearcut or rigorous.46 Nor is it clear why such a distinction,
even if clear, is ethically relevant in defining property rights. No
one creates matter; they just manipulate and grapple with it
according to physical laws. In this sense, no one really creates
anything. They merely rearrange matter into new arrangements
and patterns. An engineer who invents a new mousetrap has
rearranged existing parts to provide a function not previously
performed. Others who learn of this new arrangement can now
also make an improved mousetrap. Yet the mousetrap merely
follows laws of nature. The inventor did not invent the matter
out of which the mousetrap is made, nor the facts and laws
exploited to make it work.
Similarly, Einstein’s “discovery” of the relation E=mc2,
once known by others, allows them to manipulate matter in a
more efficient way. Without Einstein’s, or the inventor’s, efforts,
others would have been ignorant of certain causal laws, of ways
matter can be manipulated and utilized. Both the inventor and
the theoretical scientist engage in creative mental effort to
produce useful, new ideas. Yet one is rewarded, and the other is
not. In one recent case, the inventor of a new way to calculate a
number representing the shortest path between two points—an
extremely useful technique—was not given patent protection
because this was “merely” a mathematical algorithm.47But it is
arbitrary and unfair to reward more practical inventors and
entertainment providers, such as the engineer and songwriter,
and to leave more theoretical science and math researchers and
philosophers unrewarded. The distinction is inherently vague,
arbitrary, and unjust.
Moreover, adopting a limited term for IP rights, as opposed
to a perpetual right, also requires arbitrary rules. For example,
patents last for twenty years from the filing date, while
copyrights last, in the case of individual authors, for seventy
years past the author’s death. No one can seriously maintain
that nineteen years for a patent is too short, and twenty-one
years too long, any more than the current price for a gallon of
milk can be objectively classified as too low or too high." in *Against Intellectual Property*, also, what I mean is that the weird case of the curvature factor of the frontier beta being greater than 2 but less than infinity is impossible when it comes to this kind of public goods, such that the only cases are 1 < beta < 2 for IP that can be crowded out such as business models, pop culture (because originality is a plus in this market, reducing beta from 2 by at least a small amount), beta = 2 (for functional ideas and inventions) and beta = infinity (if side payments are possible) but never the weird case in which private monitoring can become better than public monitoring