1. A Nash Threats Folk Theorem for Repeated Games with Local Monitoring https://klaohakunakorn.com/folktheorem4.pdf https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=4148369
2. Durable Goods Monopoly with Free Disposal: A Folk Theorem https://arxiv.org/html/2507.13137v3
3. A Folk Theorem for Indefinitely Repeated Network Games https://arxiv.org/html/2507.10148v1
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. I want the content to be as formal as possible by using formal syntax instead of identifiers, and avoid defining new types and other primitives, choosing to use generic ones like vectors, lists, matrices, etc. instead. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis.
1. Can you tell me what happens if the network is connected (every node has a path to every other) but not 2-connected (for any three nodes, there is a path between any two that does not go through the remaining node) in the setup of the folk theorem for repeated games?
2. Can you tell me what happens if the discount factor is non-trivial and there is a component of the game graph that is connected but not 2-connected, such that this component has a central or pivotal node that can disrupt the information flow?
3. Can you please find isomorphisms and correspondences between the papers' definitions, theorems and proofs, like the various definitions of topological spaces based on open/closed sets, neighborhoods, closures and boundaries, by finding and enumerating abstractions until the forward and backward substitutions work categorically like adjoint functors, with focus on the hints I provide here?
3. Can you tell me what happens if the free disposal or zero marginal cost condition is not satisfied, and relate the analysis with the case of Nash threats without discounting, and the case of 2-connected networks in perfect Bayesian equilibria?