Here is a proof of Tarski's fixed-point theorem by application of Galois connections: https://doi.org/10.1007/s11225-014-9559-y and here is the folk theorem about digital goods bargaining https://arxiv.org/html/2507.13137 so can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. I want the content to be as formal as possible by using formal syntax instead of identifiers, and avoid defining new types and other primitives, choosing to use generic ones like vectors, lists, matrices, etc. instead. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Please explain the syntheses in natural language and formal mathematical exposition in Agda, Rocq and Lean4 alternately.
1. Can you explain in detail the assumptions of the folk theorem for digital goods, formalize the necessity and sufficiency of the conjunction of free disposal and zero marginal cost with consequences if either of these does not apply as in the article, fully demonstrate the assumptions and conclusions of the folk theorem with the major steps in the proof and how it differs from standard Abreu-Peirce-Stacchetti (APS) constructions for folk theorems? Can you formalize APS as a Knaster-Tarski fixed-point in a complete lattice of convex sets in which the convex hull operator satisfies the axioms of a closure operator and is composed with the set union operator to form the convex join operator while the convex meet operator is literally the set intersection, making the system a complete lattice?
2. Can you do the same with the folk theorem for digital goods? By the way, can you show me the steps of the proof of this folk theorem and check whether they fit Kleene (dcpo) due to the use of backward and forward induction or Knaster-Tarski (complete lattice) better?