1. Data as Commodity: a Game-Theoretic Principle for Information Pricing https://arxiv.org/html/2510.07101v1
2. The Hidden Game Problem https://arxiv.org/html/2510.03845v1
3. A Game-Theoretic Foundation for Bitcoin's Price: A Security-Utility Equilibrium https://arxiv.org/html/2508.06071v1
4. Wide Neural Networks as a Baseline for the Computational No-Coincidence Conjecture https://arxiv.org/html/2510.06527v1
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion. I want the content to be as formal as possible by using formal syntax instead of identifiers, and avoid defining new types and other primitives, choosing to use generic ones like vectors, lists, matrices, etc. instead. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis.
Please also answer these questions in a mathematical way by finding rigorous substitutions and applications of formal results, equations, theorems and proofs:
1. How does the game-theoretic formulation for crypto prices relate to the price of data as a commodity? Please check if the assumptions hold (rivalry, scarcity, non-separability, etc.) or else try to rotate and reformulate the problem until it fits and the formulaic conversions and equivalences hold.
2. Explain the utility of information in the hidden game problem in terms of the "data as commodity" framework and the crypto prices framework.
3. Please give me ideas on using the computational no-coincidence conjecture (actually the proven theorems in the paper) to argue that more information always allow easier efficiency.