1. A "good regulator theorem" for embodied agents https://arxiv.org/html/2508.06326v1
2. Temporal Inference with Finite Factored Sets https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.11513
3. Coarse Set Theory for AI Ethics and Decision-Making: A Mathematical Framework for Granular Evaluations https://arxiv.org/html/2502.07347v3
4. Robust agents learn causal world models https://arxiv.org/html/2402.10877v3
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please attempt to enumerate every possible substitution, to locate the correct abstractions and symbolic substitutions/functors that unify the contents of the papers? Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations for all these content, to provide solutions to my requests below?
It is obvious that there is a deep relationship between the good regulator theorem for embodied agents, the theorem that agents learn causal world models, and the equivalent statements in finite factored sets/coarse set theory (which are the same thing mathematically). Can you please give a category-theoretic interpretation and a homotopy type-theoretic interpretation of the constructions of coarse set theory and finite factored sets, such as the combination of element sets being a coequalizer? Can you please formalize the contents of the papers in recursive modal mu-calculus, category theory and homotopy type theory instead of literally, and repeat only the major definitions and theorems in these papers to link with the modal calculus, the category theory and the homotopy type theory, together with their equivalence?