1. Fraudulent White Noise: Flat power spectra belie arbitrarily complex processes https://ar5iv.labs.arxiv.org/html/1908.11405v1
2. Universal approximation results for neural networks with non-polynomial activation function over non-compact domains https://arxiv.org/html/2410.14759v1
3. Subliminal Learning: Language models transmit behavioral traits via hidden signals in data https://arxiv.org/html/2507.14805v1
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. I want the content to be as formal as possible by using formal syntax instead of identifiers, and avoid defining new types and other primitives, choosing to use generic ones like vectors, lists, matrices, etc. instead. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please attempt to enumerate every possible substitution, to locate the correct abstractions and symbolic substitutions/functors that unify the contents of the papers? Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations for all these content, to provide solutions to my requests below?
Unify the theorems about fraudulent white-noise and subliminal learning by treating the base model as the receiver/transmitter and the outputs as the white noise signal containing subliminal content, thereby creating a common abstraction for subliminal learning and fraudulent white noise, with both the white noise and the text being elements of some high-dimensional or infinite-dimensional vector space. 