1. To Infinity and Beyond: A General Framework for Scaling Economic Theories https://ar5iv.labs.arxiv.org/html/1906.10333
2. On the approximate purification of mixed strategies in games with infinite action sets https://ar5iv.labs.arxiv.org/html/2103.07736v2
3. A Folk Theorem for Indefinitely Repeated Network Games https://arxiv.org/html/2507.10148v1
4. Uniformly Strict Equilibrium for Repeated Games with Private Monitoring and Communication https://arxiv.org/html/2311.12242v2
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. I want the content to be as formal as possible by using formal syntax instead of identifiers, and avoid defining new types and other primitives, choosing to use generic ones like vectors, lists, matrices, etc. instead. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Please explain the syntheses in natural language and formal mathematical exposition in Agda, Rocq and Lean4 alternately.
Can you please tell me how to use the framework in "to infinity and beyond" and "approximate purification of mixed strategies" separately to extend the results of the folk theorems for repeated games with private monitoring, and the folk theorem for indefinitely repeated network games, to arbitrary compact spaces as action spaces for each player? Can you please use the topological theorems mentioned in the constructions, such as Tychonoff's theorem and the compactness theorem to purify the mixed strategies for each agent?