The really scary part about AI: even compute bounds cannot do much against them.
1. Logical Induction https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.03543
2. A Theory of Bounded Inductive Rationality https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.05068
3. The diagonal argument redux https://github.com/DavidMichaelRoberts/Sandbox/blob/master/Diagonal.tex
Can you help me write the initial section of the Agda, Rocq (formerly Coq) and Lean4 formalizations of these papers, with unifications and isomorphisms between the contents of these papers? Of course it can be too big for a single response, but just give me something that will parse, at least with placeholders like `admit` and `sorry` if the thing is too big to fit within the context window, but also provide a copiable infobox that summarizes the content and the APIs so that it can be used to formalize further parts by copying into other chats, from now until completion, although you do not need a complete roadmap now. In addition to copying literally the contents of these papers, this also requests synthesis. Can you please attempt to enumerate every possible substitution, to locate the correct abstractions and symbolic substitutions/functors that unify the contents of the papers? Can you please give natural-language explanations for your symbolic substitutions and their intuitive motivations and step-by-step explanations for all these content, to provide solutions to my requests below?
1. Can you please unify the formalisms of papers 1 and 2 and give correspondence tables for their terminologies, definitions and proofs? Can you please generalize the criteria for something being a logical inductor in terms of behavior (iterating over all logical formulas) instead of description (non-zero probability mass for all possible formulas) by correlating the contents of the two papers?
2. Can you please find the correct way to categorically interpret logical induction/bounded inductive rationality in terms of Roberts' fixed-point theorem, making the incomplete parameterization of maps F represent the failed Dutch-booker of logically bounded agents, with f being the logical inductor?
3. Can you please define a computable variant of AIXI designed to range over all pairs of worlds and computationally bounded agents, with the objective being to Dutch-book the agent, and adapt the proof of uncomputability of AIXI to the failure of the Dutch-booker to exploit the logical inductor?
4. Can you formalize the No Free Lunch theorems for both logical inductors (across all choices of prior probability distributions for logical statements) and for Dutch-bookers (across all logical inductors)?
5. Can you please express Transformers (both dot-product and linear attention variants) as logical inductors over textual continuations, treating the pre-training phase and SFT post-training phase with formal derivations, mathematical proofs and other synthetic data as logical-induction phases, the first phase with the inherent architecture as the prior, the second phase with the base model as the prior?
6. Can you write a short paragraph saying that the real power of AI lies not in computational power (which would violate the No Free Lunch theorem) but in right architecture, using the ideas above?